Privacy Policy for **first-time-offender.com**
=============================================

This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.

Data Controller and Owner
-------------------------

Perimeter of Wisdom, LLC  
7202 Giles Road #4187  
La Vista, NE 68128

<admin@first-time-offender.com>

Types of Data collected
-----------------------

Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties,
there are: Cookie, Usage data, Email address, First Name, Last Name and Password.

Other Personal Data collected may be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by
dedicated explanation text contextually with the Data collection.

The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or collected automatically when using this
Application.

Any use of Cookies - or of other tracking tools - by this Application or by the owners of third
party services used by this Application, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify Users and
remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User.

Failure to provide certain Personal Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its
services.

Users are responsible for any Personal Data of third parties obtained, published or shared through
this Application and confirm that they have the third party’s consent to provide the Data to the
Owner.

Mode and place of processing the Data
-------------------------------------

### Methods of processing

The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate
security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized
destruction of the Data.

The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational
procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller,
in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the
operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external
parties (such as third party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT
companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The
updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time.

### Place

The Data is processed at the Data Controller’s operating offices and in any other places where the
parties involved with the processing are located. For further information, please contact the Data
Controller.

### Retention time

The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by
the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller
suspend or remove the data.

The use of the collected Data
-----------------------------

The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its services, as well as for
the following purposes: Access to third party services’ accounts, Analytics, Backup saving and
management, Commercial affiliation, Content performance and features testing (A/B testing), Handling
payments, Hosting and backend infrastructure, Managing contacts and sending messages, Contacting the
User, Infrastructure monitoring and Registration and authentication.

The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.

Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
-------------------------------------------------------

Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:

### Access to third party services’ accounts

These services allow this Application to access Data from your account on a third party service and
perform actions with it.

These services are not activated automatically, but require explicit authorization by the User.

#### Access to the Google Drive account (Google)

This service allows this Application to connect with the User’s account on Google Drive, provided by
Google, Inc.

Personal Data collected: Various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.

Place of processing: USA – [Privacy Policy](https://support.google.com/drive/answer/2450387?hl=en)

#### Access to the Dropbox account (Dropbox, Inc.)

This service allows this Application to connect with the User’s account on Dropbox, provided by
Dropbox, Inc.

Personal Data collected: Various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.

Place of processing: USA – [Privacy Policy](https://www.dropbox.com/privacy)

### Analytics

The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can
be used to keep track of User behavior.

#### Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Facebook)

Facebook Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects
data from the Facebook advertising network with actions performed on this Application.

Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage data.

Place of processing: USA – [Privacy Policy](https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/)

#### Google Analytics (Google)

Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the
Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its
activities and share them with other Google services.

Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising
network.

Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage data.

Place of processing: USA – [Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/) – [Opt
Out](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en)

### Backup saving and management

These services allow the Owner to save and manage backups of this Application on external servers
managed by the service provider itself. The backups may include the source code and content as well
as the data that the User provides to this Application.

#### Backup on Dropbox (Dropbox, Inc.)

Dropbox is a service to save and manage backups provided by Dropbox Inc.

Personal Data collected: Various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.

Place of processing: USA – [Privacy Policy](https://www.dropbox.com/privacy#privacy)

#### Backup on Google Drive (Google)

Google Drive is a service to save and manage backups provided by Google Inc.

Personal Data collected: Various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.

Place of processing: USA – [Privacy Policy](https://support.google.com/drive/answer/2450387?hl=en)

### Commercial affiliation

These services allow this Application to display advertisements for third party products or
services. Ads can be displayed either as advertising links or as banners using various kinds of
graphics.

Clicks on the icon or banner posted on the Application are tracked by the third-party services
listed below, and are shared with this Application.

For details of which data are collected, please refer to the privacy policy of each service.

#### ClickBank (Click Sales Inc.)

ClickBank is a banner commercial affiliation service provided by Click Sales Inc.

Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage data.

Place of processing: USA – [Privacy Policy](https://accounts.clickbank.com/privacy.html)

### Contacting the User

#### Mailing List or Newsletter (This Application)

By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the User’s email address will be added to
the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or
promotional nature concerning this Application. Your email address might also be added to this list
as a result of signing up to this Application or after making a purchase.

Personal Data collected: Email address, First Name and Last Name.

### Content performance and features testing (A/B testing)

The services contained in this section allow the Owner to track and analyze the User response
concerning web traffic or behavior regarding changes to the structure, text or any other component
of this Application.

#### Google Website Optimizer (Google)

Google Website Optimizer is an A/B testing service provided by Google Inc.

Google may use Personal Data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising
network.

Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage data.

Place of processing: USA – [Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/)

### Handling payments

Payment processing services enable this Application to process payments by credit card, bank
transfer or other means. To ensure greater security, this Application shares only the information
necessary to execute the transaction with the financial intermediaries handling the transaction.

Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails
containing invoices or notifications concerning the payment.

#### Stripe (Stripe Inc)

Stripe is a payment service provided by Stripe Inc.

Personal Data collected: Various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.

Place of processing: USA – [Privacy Policy](https://stripe.com/terms/US)

### Hosting and backend infrastructure

These services have the purpose of hosting data and files that enable this Application to run and be
distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of
this Application. Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it
difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.

#### Amazon Web Services (Amazon)

Amazon Web Services is a hosting service provided by Amazon.com Inc.

Personal Data collected: Various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.

[Privacy Policy](http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496)

### Infrastructure monitoring

These services allow this Application to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its
performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved.

Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of
these services, whose function is to filter the activities of this Application.

#### Pingdom (Pingdom AB)

Pingdom is a monitoring service provided by Pingdom AB.

Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage data.

Place of processing: Sweden – [Privacy Policy](https://www.pingdom.com/legal/privacy-policy/)

### Managing contacts and sending messages

These services make it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other
contact information to communicate with the User.

These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by
the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the
message.

#### Mailchimp (Mailchimp)

Mailchimp is an email address management and message sending service provided by Mailchimp Inc.

Personal Data collected: Email address.

Place of processing: USA – [Privacy Policy](http://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/)

#### Freshdesk (Freshdesk Inc.)

Freshdesk is a support and contact request management service provided by Freshdesk Inc.

Personal Data collected: Various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.

Place of processing: USA – [Privacy Policy](http://freshdesk.com/privacy)

#### Mandrill (The Rocket Science Group, LLC.)

Mandrill is an email address management and message sending service provided by The Rocket Science
Group, LLC.

Personal Data collected: Email address and Usage data.

Place of processing: USA – [Privacy Policy](http://mandrill.com/privacy/)

### Registration and authentication

By registering or authenticating, Users allow this Application to identify them and give them access
to dedicated services.

Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication
services.

In this case, this Application will be able to access some Data, stored by these third party
services, for registration or identification purposes.

#### Direct registration (This Application)

The User registers by filling out the registration form and providing the Personal Data directly to
this Application.

Personal Data collected: Email address, First Name, Last Name and Password.

Information about Cookies
-------------------------

### Strictly necessary Cookies

These Cookies are necessary for the proper functioning of this Application and are used to store
sessions and preferences.

#### PHPSESSID

Used to store the User session and keep the User logged in.

### Analytics

These Cookies are necessary for the functioning of the services filed under the section ”Analytics”.

#### \_ut\*, \_ga\*

Google Analytics Cookies.

Since the installation of third party Cookies and other tracking systems through the services used
within this Application can not be technically controlled by the Owner, any specific references to
Cookies and tracking systems installed by third parties are to be considered indicative. In order to
obtain complete information, consult the privacy policy for the respective third party services
listed in this document.

Additional information about Data collection and processing
-----------------------------------------------------------

### Legal action

The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the
stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related
services.

The User declares to be aware that the Data Controller may be required to reveal personal data upon
request of public authorities.

### Additional information about User’s Personal Data

In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the
User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and
processing of Personal Data upon request.

### System Logs and Maintenance

For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third party services may collect
files that record interaction with this Application (System Logs) or use for this purpose other
Personal Data (such as IP Address).

### Information not contained in this policy

More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data
Controller at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.

### The rights of Users

Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can
consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to
ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into
anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their
treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the
contact information set out above.

This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests.

To determine whether any of the third party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests,
please read their privacy policies.

### Changes to this privacy policy

The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving
notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to
the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to
the Policy, the User must cease using this Application and can request that the Data Controller
removes the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all
Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.

### Information about this privacy policy

The Data Controller is responsible for this privacy policy, prepared starting from the modules
provided by Iubenda and hosted on Iubenda’s servers.

### Definitions and legal references

#### Personal Data (or Data)

Any information regarding a natural person, a legal person, an institution or an association, which
is, or can be, identified, even indirectly, by reference to any other information, including a
personal identification number.

#### Usage Data

Information collected automatically from this Application (or third party services employed in this
Application ), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the
Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the
request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in
response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server’s answer (successful outcome,
error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized
by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the
Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference
to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the
User’s IT environment.

#### User

The individual using this Application, which must coincide with or be authorized by the Data
Subject, to whom the Personal Data refer.

#### Data Subject

The legal or natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.

#### Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)

The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or
organization authorized by the Data Controller to process the Personal Data in compliance with this
privacy policy.

#### Data Controller (or Owner)

The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or
organization with the right, also jointly with another Data Controller, to make decisions regarding
the purposes, and the methods of processing of Personal Data and the means used, including the
security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless
otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.

#### This Application

The hardware or software tool by which the Personal Data of the User is collected.

#### Cookie

Small piece of data stored in the User’s device.

#### Legal information

Notice to European Users: this privacy statement has been prepared in fulfillment of the obligations
under Art. 10 of EC Directive n. 95/46/EC, and under the provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC, as
revised by Directive 2009/136/EC, on the subject of Cookies.

This privacy policy relates solely to this Application.
