Terms of Service for **first-time-offender.com**
================================================

These terms of service (“Terms”) are effective as of March 25, 2015, and were last updated on March
25, 2015.

First-Time-Offender.com (“FTO”) is a website wholly-owned by Perimeter of Wisdom, LLC (“Perimeter of
Wisdom”), a domestic Nebraska corporation. These Terms govern your access to and use of FTO, its
affiliate websites, products and services (including but not exclusive to eBooks of all applicable
file formats, APIs, sales platforms, or proprietary software) for sale on FTO (collectively
“Content”). Your access to and use of FTO services is conditioned on your acceptance of, and
compliance with, these Terms. By accessing or using the Services, you agree to be bound by these
Terms. These Terms are subject to change at any time, without notice, while Perimeter of Wisdom may
choose to notify users of such changes, and your continued use of FTO constitutes binding acceptance
of any and all changes to these Terms.

1. Description of Services
--------------------------

Perimeter of Wisdom, inter alia, by and through FTO, acts as a publisher of books and a provider of
other services associated with those books.

At FTO, we are making the very complicated system of American criminal justice easy to understand
for the average first-time offender. We envision FTO to be a robust suite of services offering
practical advice and needed-help for first-time offenders until they are, once again, totally free.

2. Basic Terms
--------------

### 2.1 Services

We expect that the services offered by FTO will continue to  grow, evolve, and change. Services
involving our Content including but not limited to delivery method, payment processing, update
protocol, and notification procedures are subject to change without warning at the sole discretion
of FTO.

### 2.2 Your Responsibility

You take  responsibility for your own use of the site, its Content, or any products and services
purchased here. Any misuse of the Content, will be the liability and responsibility of the offending
user, and you agree that FTO, its parent, Perimeter of Wisdom, any of their respective officers,
agents, employees, or authorized administrators will be held blameless for the such misuse. By
accessing FTO, you explicitly agree not to misuse or infringe on any copyright or ownership claim
FTO has over any Content therein. Any breach of law, statute, copyright, or ownership claim leaves
the user, you, liable for all damages for such misuse.

Pirating, plagiarizing, hacking, changing without authorization, or any other actions which affect
our Content is considered “misuse” and is prohibited.

### 2.3 Minimum Age

You must be at least eighteen (18) years of age, or the age of majority in the jurisdiction where
you reside if that age is greater than 18, to purchase any Service offered by FTO. The usefull
information contained in the Site(s) is created for the education of all who wish to know it, so use
of the Site is not age restricted. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has
provided us with personally identifiable information without their consent, he or she should contact
us at support@fto.freshdesk.com. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information
from children under 18. If we become aware that a child under 18 has provided us with personally
identifiable Information, we make available the deletion of accounts through our user system. This
policy excludes what we cannot affect, namely the storage of information by third-parties, such as
our payment system provider. See the FTO privacy policy for further privacy information and
protections.

### 2.4 Your Ability to Accept Terms

You represent and warrant that you have the legal capacity to enter into these Terms (see §2.3,
above), and that the entering into these Terms does not conflict with any arrangements or agreements
between you and any other person or entity.

You may use the Services only if you can enter into a binding contract with Perimeter of Wisdom and
are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the United States or other
applicable jurisdiction. You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms and all
applicable local, provincial, national, and international laws, rules and regulations. Perimeter of
Wisdom reserves the right to refuse service to anyone at any time for any reason without notice. If
you are unwilling or unable to be bound by these Terms, you are not permitted to, and must
immediately stop, using the Services.

3. Privacy
----------

Any information that you provide via the Services is subject to our Privacy Policy, which governs
our collection and use of such information. You understand that through your use of the Services you
expressly consent to the collection and use (as set forth in the Privacy Policy) of this
information. As part of providing you the Services, we may need to communicate to you certain
information, such as service announcements and administrative messages. These communications are
considered part of the Services and your FTO account, and so you may not be able to choose opt-out
of them. If you do not wish to receive such communications, you may need to terminate your FTO
account, which you are free to do at any time.

The Privacy Policy can be found [here][privacy policy]. Accepting these Terms constitutes acceptance
of the Privacy Policy. We may update the Privacy Policy from time to time, without notice. [We
recommend that you check it regularly][documents].

4. Pricing Policy
-----------------

FTO sets the prices and pricing scheme for all Content, products, and services offered on its Site,
affiliate sites, and any other virtual property owned and managed by FTO. FTO reserves the right to
change prices for individual or groups of products at any time. By using and purchase products from
FTO, users acknowledge and accept that the prices offered by FTO may change and agree to the price
paid at the time of purchase. A reduced price offered after a purchase from FTO does not entitle the
user to a refund of the difference.

### 4.1 Promotional Codes

Services from FTO may be purchased with the application of valid promotional codes. Decisions
regarding these promotional discounts, codes, and applicability of those codes are made at the sole
discretion of FTO and can change at any time. The availability of these codes does not grant
entitlement, easement, or access to them by users of FTO, its Services, or Site(s).

### 4.2 Bundled Discounts

FTO can, and from time to time will, offer discounts to entities that wish to purchase Content from
FTO in larger quantities. While most customers will only ever need one copy of a book, or one block
of any of our Services, organizations who wish to bring FTO products or services to their audience
may do so. Determination of any discounts for quantity-based purchase bundles will be at the sole
discretion of FTO.

5. Copyright
------------

### 5.1 Perimeter of Wisdom Property

Perimeter of Wisdom is the owner of all intellectual property rights, including but not limited to
all copyright, patents, and trademarks, associated with Perimeter of Wisdom, the Site and the
Services, with all rights reserved, exclusive of Content provided by third parties, including but
not limited to Content which is owned by the licensors of such Content.

Perimeter of Wisdom does not authorize the use of the design, format, or layout of the Site, which
may be further protected under applicable trade dress, trademark, or copyright laws. All copyright,
patent, trademark, and other intellectual property-related notices must remain affixed to any
materials downloaded from the Site. In the event Perimeter of Wisdom grants any rights of use of its
Content, by granting such authorization, FTO grants no other right, title, ownership, license, or
other property interest in the materials and subject matter posted on the Site, and in any
intellectual property rights protecting such materials and subject matter.

The FTO logo and the names of all FTO products and/or services as posted herein are either
trademarks or service marks, or registered trademarks and/or service marks of Perimeter of Wisdom
and all rights are reserved therein by same.

### 5.2 License Grant to a Purchaser of eBooks

Since eBooks are typically PDFs or in some other digital format, they are intangibles and you can’t
own your copy in the same way you can own a paper book. The eBook copy itself is provided to you in
the form of a license only. All of the content of an ebook is subject to copyright and other laws
just like any physical book. Without restricting the application of FTO’s rights available under
copyright or other intellectual property or other property laws, or available at common law, FTO
grants you, subject to your compliance with these Terms, the following license (the “eBook Rights”):

* You may download and save the eBook onto any device that supports the format of the eBook for your
  personal, non-commercial use;

* You may transfer your eBook from any device you own to any other device you own;

* You may NOT store any copies of the eBook on publicly-accessible servers, including (S)FTP or
  HTTP(S) servers (“web servers”);

* You may NOT transfer, cause to be transferred, facilitate, or otherwise participate in, the
  transfer of copies of the eBook over file-sharing networks, including peer-to-peer networks, where
  such networks may or may not have a network of nodes (centralized or otherwise) that facilitates
  the transfer of any bits that comprise this eBook in any of its digital formats. In BitTorrent
  parlance, you may be neither a “seed” (or equivalent), nor a “peer” (or equivalent), nor be a node
  in a “swarm” (or equivalent), nor be a “tracker” (or equivalent).

* Regardless of fair-use law, any new copies of the Content are subject to the same eBook Rights as
  described here. (I.e., the Content is licensed under copyright, not the digital/physical
  representation or format of the Content).

* This license is NOT transferable;

* You may NOT sell the eBook and transfer the eBook Rights associated with the eBook;

* Furthermore, if this non-transferability clause is forbidden by the local and national laws of the
  jurisdiction in which you are located, you may NOT purchase a license from FTO; and

* You may make a reasonable number of archival copies of your eBook.

Otherwise, your use and enjoyment of the content of your eBooks will be as permitted by applicable
law, including but not limited to copyright law. Your eBook Rights shall remain in force for so long
as you comply with these Terms and for so long as you retain any copies of your eBook(s).

We take copyright issues extremely seriously. Since we are authors ourselves, we know how it feels
to have a book you have spent countless evenings and weekends writing “shared” on torrent sites.
Please do not do this. If you “share” a book that someone has self-published, you are not ripping
off some mega-corporation, you are ripping off an individual author and you are violating the legal
rights of the author. (This is especially true of Perimeter of Wisdom, where most of the revenue
goes directly to the author).

### 5.3 Special Terms for Organizational Purchasers of eBooks

If you are purchasing an eBook on behalf of an organization through which you intend to make the
eBook available to multiple readers:

Your organization and each individual who is given access to, or a copy of, the eBook are subject to
the same terms and conditions as individual purchasers of Perimeter of Wisdom eBooks.

When you make your eBook purchase, you should select the maximum number of copies you will lend out
at any given time, and base your purchase on the ‘suggested’ price for each copy.

6. Return Policy
----------------

FTO offers, and will offer in the future, multiple services and products including, but not limited
to, those discussed in §1 of these Terms. Of those offerings, some may be of a returnable nature.
Others may not.

### 6.1 eBooks

The nature of eBooks is intangible, but still holds the same intellectual property rights,
copyrights, and other privileges of paper-copy books, such that the legal nature of eBooks are the
same as those of paper-copy books. Returning an eBook, as it is virtual product, is not the same as
it would be for a tangible, physical item.

As such, the question of returns becomes a question of refund. And again, the nature of the first
eBook being published and sold by Perimeter of Wisdom is such that a single reading can be all that
is required for a purchaser’s needs. The transaction is, therefore, complete at this point. Others
may choose to read eBooks multiple times, while others gain the knowledge they seek quickly. For
this reason, we do not offer refunds to any purchaser who has been in possession of any book
published or sold by Perimeter of Wisdom.

However, if the purchased book has not yet been downloaded (and therefore the purchaser has not been
in possession of the book), we will refund the purchase price, less a $10 service fee for
miscellaneous processing costs.

7. User Registration and Information
------------------------------------

You must ensure that you have correctly completed the information in the User Registration Form on
the Site (the “User Information”). In the event that any part of your User Information changes,
please ensure to promptly update your User Information on the Site. It is your responsibility to
keep current all of your User Information on the Site.

You will have the opportunity to select a password and create an account during the user
registration process. You are solely responsible in all respects for: (a) all use of the Site made
using your account, and (b) maintaining the confidentiality of your account. We encourage you, and
to some extent require you, to use “strong” passwords (passwords that use a combination of upper and
lower case letters, numbers and symbols) with your account. Perimeter of Wisdom cannot and will not
be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above requirements.
Only one individual may access the Site at the same time using the same account. You agree to notify
Perimeter of Wisdom immediately of any unauthorized use of your email address or password, or any
other security breach regarding the Site of which you are aware. Perimeter of Wisdom may refuse to
grant you an account that impersonates someone else, is protected by trademark or other proprietary
right law, is vulgar or otherwise offensive, or for any other reason.

8. Terminating Membership and/or Removing Content
-------------------------------------------------

These Terms are effective until terminated. Perimeter of Wisdom may terminate or suspend these Terms
immediately for any reason and without prior notice to you. You may terminate your membership from
the Account Information section of the Site, or by contacting support@fto.freshdesk.com with a
specific request to do so. Your request to terminate will become effective within 30 days after
receipt of your specific request has been acknowledged by Perimeter of Wisdom. All provisions of
this Agreement relating to payment, commissions, service fees, disclaimers, limitations of
liability, indemnification, confidentiality, and proprietary rights (including without limitation
license rights) shall survive termination.

9. International Users
----------------------

Perimeter of Wisdom makes no representation that material on the Site is appropriate to or available
at locations outside of the United States. You may not use the Site or export the Content in
violation of United States export regulations. If you access the Site from a location outside the
United States, you are responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws and any local taxes
that may be payable.

10. The Services are Available “AS-IS”
--------------------------------------

Your access to and use of the Services or any Content is at your own risk. You understand and agree
that the Services are provided to you on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. Without limiting the
foregoing, CREDES AND ITS PARTNERS DISCLAIM ANY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY, MERCHANTABLE QUALITY, DURABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. We make no warranty and disclaim all responsibility and liability for the
completeness, accuracy, availability, timeliness, security or reliability of the Services or any
Content thereon. Perimeter of Wisdom will not be responsible or liable for any harm to your computer
system, loss of data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the Services, or any
Content. You also agree that Perimeter of Wisdom has no responsibility or liability for the use of,
or the failure to use, any Content and other communications maintained by the Services. We make no
warranty that the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure,
or error-free basis. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from FTO or through
the Services, will create any warranty not expressly made herein. Perimeter of Wisdom may also in
its discretion modify the features, availability, operation and/or look and feel of FTO from time to
time without notice to our users.

11. Links
---------

The Services may contain links to third-party websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that
we are not responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such websites or
resources; or (ii) the content, products, or services on or available from such websites or
resources. Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement by Perimeter of Wisdom
of such websites or resources or the content, products, or services available from such websites or
resources. You acknowledge that it is your sole responsibility for, and assume all risk arising
from, your use of any such websites or resources.

12. Limitation of Liability
---------------------------

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, CREDES AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES,
OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS (OTHER THAN CONTENT CONTRIBUTORS GRANTING
LICENSES PURSUANT TO THESE TERMS) WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS, OPPORTUNITY, DATA,
USE, GOOD-WILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM (i) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY
TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES; (ii) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICES,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD
PARTIES; (iii) ANY CONTENT OBTAINED FROM THE SERVICES; AND (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR
ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION NEGLIGENCE) OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER OR NOT CREDES HAS BEEN INFORMED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS
ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

You agree that the liability of Perimeter of Wisdom, its officers, employees, affiliates, and
agents, if any, arising out of any kind of legal claim (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) in
any way connected with any transaction entered hereunder or the Site shall not exceed the amount you
paid to Perimeter of Wisdom in connection with the transaction giving rise to such claim. Any action
under these Terms must be commenced within one (1) year after such cause of action occurs.

The foregoing limitation applies to the acts, information provided or omitted, other omissions,
negligence, and gross negligence of Perimeter of Wisdom, its officers, employees, affiliates and
agents which, but for this provision, would give rise to the cause of action against Perimeter of
Wisdom in contract, tort, or any other legal doctrine. Your sole and exclusive remedies under these
Terms are as expressly set out in these Terms.

13. Indemnification
-------------------

You shall indemnify and hold Perimeter of Wisdom harmless against all third party claims, demands,
suits, actions, judgments, losses, costs, damages (direct, indirect and consequential), lawyer’s
fees and expenses that Perimeter of Wisdom may sustain or incur by reason of any breach or alleged
breach of any representation, warranty, term or condition of these Terms, and for any act or
omission by you which is in any way related thereto.

14. Exclusions
--------------

Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation
of liability for consequential or incidental damages. Therefore, the limitations above may not apply
to you.

15. Waiver and Severability
---------------------------

The failure of Perimeter of Wisdom to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be
deemed a waiver of such right or provision.

Every provision of these Terms is intended to be severable. If any section of these Terms is found
to be invalid or unenforceable, then such section will be deemed amended and will be interpreted, if
possible, in a way that renders it enforceable. If such an interpretation is not possible, then the
section will be deemed removed from these Terms and the rest of these Terms will remain in full
force and effect.

16. Controlling Law and Jurisdiction
------------------------------------

These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the State of Nebraska,
United States, without regard to or application of the conflict of law provisions of your province,
state or country of residence. All claims, legal proceedings or litigation arising in connection
with the Services will be brought solely in Omaha, Nebraska, and you consent to the jurisdiction of
such courts and waive any objection as to inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Perimeter of Wisdom reserves the right to seek injunctive, specific performance or any other
equitable remedy from any court of competent jurisdiction.

17. Entire Agreement
--------------------

These Terms and the Privacy Policy are the entire and exclusive agreement between Perimeter of
Wisdom and yourself regarding the Services, and these Terms supersede and replace any prior
agreements between Perimeter of Wisdom and yourself regarding the Services.

Perimeter of Wisdom may revise these Terms from time to time. The most current version can be found
[here][terms of service].

If the revision, in Perimeter of Wisdom’ sole discretion, is material, Perimeter of Wisdom will
attempt to notify you via email to the email address associated with your account. By continuing to
access or use the Services after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the
revised terms. These Terms are binding. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods shall not apply to these Terms.

The Services are operated and provided by:

Perimeter of Wisdom, LLC\
7202 Giles Road #4187\
La Vista, NE 68128

<admin@first-time-offender.com>

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.

   [documents]: https://github.com/perimeterofwisdom/first-time-offender
   [privacy policy]: https://github.com/perimeterofwisdom/first-time-offender/blob/master/privacy-policy-en.md
   [terms of service]: https://github.com/perimeterofwisdom/first-time-offender/blob/master/terms-of-service-en.md
